The second invention is covered by an international (PCT)
application fi led by one of our Japanese conpetitors. The
application vas fi led with the Japanese Patent Office (JPO) tva
years ago in Japanese, and requested only a European Patent. It
clained the priority Of a Japanese national patent application and
vas fi led on the very last day Of the priority period. I believe I
have Seen an official German language abstract Of an application
vhich seens to concern exactly the sane invention, but I do not
remember vhere. Last week I asked the EPO tor a copy of the trans—
lation into English, French or German Of the PCT—app1ication filed
in Japanese, so that I could check vhether ve are free to use the
invention. The EPO told ne that, on conclusion of the
PCT—Chapter II procedure, the Japanese applicant had requested
entry into the regional phase 30 nonths after the priority date and
had paid the necessary fees to the EPO. Following a connunication
fron the EPO that the application is deened to be vithdravn, our
Japanese conpetitor filed, vithin the last few days, the request
for examination and a translation of the application documents in
English, together with a vritten statenent explaining the delay of
these filings.
Is there any risk that Ve nay be sued for infringenent if ve use
their invention? The feature in question has alvays been included
in the plans for our nev computer and is necessary for its proper
functioning. You vill certainly appreciate that our conpany is in a
nost serious situation.
92/D/e/12
